# Entry 1
11/16/2020

Since I am planning on creating a mini game for my viewers, I wanted to explore some tools that would allow me to create the exact visualization I have in my head. The first tool that I have been tinkering with is “A- Frame” (https://aframe.io/). This tool is a web framework for building 3D/AR/VR experiences in HTML. This would be the perfect tool for me to use to be able to make a 360° image of the location I would want my game to be in. Along with designing a cool location, I am also planning in using a tool called “three.js.” (https://threejs.org/). This tool can create and display animated 3D graphics in the browser using WebGL. This means that I could use this tool to make several different interactive characters. This will then allow my viewers to be have multiple options of people they would like to play as in my game. Lastly, I need some background noise to make the game even more thrilling! To do this, I started looking into "Earsketch" (https://earsketch.gatech.edu/landing/#/). This tool uses JS to make music. In this case, I would like to use this tool to create a mysterious sound to go with my game. This will really grab the viewers attention and allow them to really get into the mood of the game. 

So far in my engineering design process, I just finsihed steps 1 and 2, defining the problem and researching the problem (creating a game that is fun to play for all ages). I am currently starting to get into steps 3 and 4, brainstorming possible solutions and planning the most promising solution. Possible solutions I have brainstormed so far (step 3) are including interactive characters that have different impacts in the game and giving them all different powers to be used in the game. This would help people of all ages enjoy my game more because they have a variety of players to choose from. This brings right into step 4, which I think will be accomplished if I include a diverse group of players, dealing with appearance, talents, strengths, and more. My future plans for my engineering design process are to continue step 4 (create specific players) and hopefully soon get into step 5, which is to create a prototype of my mini game to help me get out all of my ideas. 

The tool that I am definitely using to create my mini game will be "A- Frame," specifically the 360° image feature (https://aframe.io/examples/showcase/sky/). I want to use this to make a galaxy setting. I feel that this sitting will be extremely interesting tp play in. I would also want to use this feature to make hideout rooms for the players in my game to go in while they preapre for the next level. Along with this tool, I am also definitely using "Earsketch," specifically the remix feature (https://earsketch.gatech.edu/earsketch2/). I want to make a sound long enough to play for an entire level, no matter how long it takes the player to pass. Furthermore, I want this sound to change throughout the level so it could be even more intriguing towards my viewers. Both of these tools and their very unique features will really help me create a game that can be fun to play whenever and wherever a person may be, no matter who you are or what age you may be. 

I have developed some skills throughout the process of starting this freedom project. One skill that I have gained is problem decomposition, which is breaking a task down into smaller pieces. I have gotten very good at this skill by taking the problem I want to solve (creating a game for people of all ages) and breaking it down so I could brainstorm different ideas on how to create that game. Also, I have used this skill when trying different interactive characters I want, as well as their personal powers in the game. Another skill that I developed throughout this process is a growth mindset, which is having patience, perseverance, and the courage to ask for help. I gained this skill when I was in step 3, which was thinking of possible solutions. At first I really struggled with coming up with ideas for this project and I used to get upset that I wasn't thinking fast enough. This led me to believe that I wasn't ready to create my own game. However, as time went by I taught myslef to take things more esaily and take time with everything that I am trying to accomplish, rather than giving up right away. This psuhed me to do better and eventually helped me come up with some great ideas. The final skill that I have gained throughout this process so far is Consideration, which is the idea that I am building things that are meant to be used by other people and that it is important to consider the impact of what we create. I've gotten this skill by coming up with ideas for a game that would include everyone of all ages. I want to be able to make sure everyone enjoys a certain aspect of my mini game and feels comfortable with playing it daily. 




[Next](entry02.md)

[Home](../README.md)
