# Entry 2
11/30/2020

After looking at several tools for creating my galaxy mini-game, I have decided to do a lot more tinkering with [“A-Frame”](https://aframe.io/) to see how I could create the beautiful 360° image of the location I want. More specifically, I used the guide [“Building a 360° Image Gallery”](https://aframe.io/docs/1.0.0/guides/building-a-360-image-gallery.html) to see the exact code that would need to use to make all my different setting come to life. I learned so many different standard components such as making things in my game flat by setting src to #cubes-thumb. This in turn will allow an image to appear clear and not reflect any lights. In addition, I learned the component to change the background in my game. By using a proxy-set in my code I would be able to switch settings/backgrounds at any point in the game. Furthermore, I wanted to tinker with the [animations](https://aframe.io/docs/1.0.0/components/animation.html) in the background of my 360° image. By using basenames such as animation, animation__2, animation__3, and so on, I would be able to have several animations wherever I would like on my image. These are only some of the many components that I have tinkered with and plan on using in my mini-game to really get my viewers to be invested in it. 

So far in my engineering design process, I finished steps 1-3 by choosing a problem (there are very limited games that people of all ages can enjoy in their free time), researching it, and brainstorming possible solutions (creating a game that is fun to play for all ages and not just kids). I am starting to dig a lot deeper into step 4, planning the most promising solution. I am doing this by not only finding ways to make different images appear, but I am also making sure every animation in my game, whether it is big or small, is appropriate for every viewer to use. Apart from this, I am continuing to think about all the interactive characters I will be putting in my mini-game. I want every aspect of this game to be unique and fascinating to look at and use at the same time. This leads me into my future plans for my engineering design process, which is to get into step 5, creating a prototype as soon as possible. I would really like to lay out all of my ideas and see what concepts work and what concepts may need to be taken out.  

I have learned many things in class that will definitely play a huge role in the coding of this mini-game. One thing I would like to use are boolean values/conditionals, which are values that help reveal what is true and what is false. I am thinking about using these values in my code to allow my viewers to be able to answer yes/no questions throughout my mini-game. This will make my game even more interactive and engaging. Another thing I learned in class that I would like to interpret into my freedom project is if / else syntaxes. This will control/take in all of the actions/responses of my viewers in the mini-game so that they can move on to another level. Lastly, I would like to use indentations. This will just keep all of my code a lot more organized and clearer to analyze. All these concepts from class will make coding this mini-game so much easier for me to do and make everything much more efficient.   

I have developed multiple skills since my previous entry. One skill that I noticed myself starting to advance in would be organization, which includes file management, hierarchy, and relationships, whiteboarding your ideas. I feel that I developed this skill throughout my time in steps 3 and 4 in my design process. In order to really brainstorm possible solutions to my problem I really learned how to jot down all my ideas for just about anything in a well-ordered way. Another skill that I have gained from my previous entry would be attention to detail, which is spelling things correctly, adhering to syntax rules, and more. I developed this skill by examining and tinkering with so many different codes. I see that one little mistake/spelling error can make all the difference and not give me the input I am trying to get. This teaches me to always check my work to try to make sure I don't have a single mistake insight. Lastly, I have developed more skills on how to read very difficult pieces of text. While reading through large codes and directions on how to do those codes, I have learned ways to understand every word/code I am reading using context clues to help me. This way I am using my prior knowledge to really comprehend anything I read. 

All in all, I am really glad that I tinkered a lot more with my tool throughout time because I now have a better understanding of the exact codes I should use to get the mini-game I am trying to create. I am continuing to take notes on everything that I am learning throughout my freedom project journey and always referring back to it. Additionally, I am continuing to brainstorm new ideas to soon be able to make a prototype. This will really assist me in picturing how my final product will look like. It also allows me to see things from a closer perspective to see if I want to make any major changes to my ideas. Overall, I look forward to taking all of the knowledge I have gained and use it in my freedom project/mini-game for my audience to enjoy using. 

[Previous](entry01.md) | [Next](entry03.md)

[Home](../README.md)
